📅 Day 11: 집에서 보내는 휴가 (Vacation at Home)
Q1. [Description]
Question: You indicated in the survey that you enjoy taking vacations at home. Tell me what you usually do during your stay-at-home vacations. What is your favorite activity?

Script: Well, to be honest, I'm a huge fan of just staying in and doing absolutely nothing during my time off. Since my work is quite mentally demanding, I really need some time to recharge my batteries.

My favorite thing to do is just lounging on my recliner in the living room. I usually put on some chill music or watch YouTube videos for hours. Sometimes, I also enjoy ordering some delicious food, like fried chicken or pizza, and just having a "cheat day."

It’s not anything fancy, but this is the best way for me to de-stress and get ready for the next week.

Q2. [Routine]
Question: Tell me about your typical routine during a vacation at home. What is the first thing you do when you wake up, and how do you spend the rest of the day?

Script: That's a good question. My routine at home is very simple and relaxed.

First off, I don't set an alarm. I just sleep in until I naturally wake up, which is usually around 10 AM. After getting up, I make myself a simple breakfast and some hot coffee.

In the afternoon, I usually spend some quality time in my computer room. I might work on some personal hobby projects or just surf the internet. If the weather is nice, I might go for a light walk in the park nearby to get some fresh air.

Then, I wrap up my day by watching a funny movie before going to bed. It’s all about being lazy and comfortable.

Q3. [Past Experience]
Question: Tell me about a time when you planned to stay at home for vacation, but something unexpected happened. What was the problem and how did you handle it?

Script: Actually, I remember a vacation a few months ago when I had a bit of an issue. I was planning to spend the whole weekend just relaxing and watching movies at home.

However, suddenly, my internet connection went down. As you can imagine, for someone like me who relies on the internet for everything, it was a total disaster! I couldn't watch YouTube or work on my personal projects.

To handle the situation, I first tried to restart the router several times, but it didn't work. So, I ended up calling the service provider, and they said they could only fix it the next day.

Instead of getting frustrated, I decided to go to a nearby bookstore and spent the whole day reading books. It was actually a nice change of pace, even though it wasn't what I had originally planned.